Optimize (CQA) - Mng content - Synchronizing (#4872)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_synchronizing-repositories-on-demand.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
You must synchronize repositories to download content into {Project}.

> Use on-demand synchronization for the initial download or whenever you need to update repositories manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use on-demand synchronization to download meta data of the repository and download packages from the upstream source as they are requested by hosts.
```

Author: Okay, I definitely have to change the title to "ad hoc".
Because this is not about the download policy either.
